modern Israeli Urban Warfare brought to
small town
Palestine dozens of Israeli troops
amassed in tar before descending on alus
in a raid that lasted 15 hours the
aftermath leaving little to the
imagination residents here say they've
never seen anything like
it I saw and heard all the clashes it's
something new for us for the first time
ever clashes like this and this violence
everything destroyed is
miserable Israeli troops took over the
second floor of a house concentrating
Firepower on a single two-story
building they ordered women and children
to leave before launching shoulder fired
rockets and calling in drone strikes
military bulldozers were brought in to
finish the
job we're standing on the rubble of a
building that stood here less than 24
hours ago neighbor SA was one of the
larger ones in the area a multif family
home but the Israeli raid was so intense
that this is all that is left Rescuers
and people are digging through debris
and twisted metal in a desperate search
to find anyone that might be left
alive after hours spent digging some
using their bare hands all they were
able to pull out were body
parts we've only seen this kind of
Destruction happening on TV in Gaza and
now we are seeing it in real life in
front of us by all accounts this was a
Manhunt an Israeli statement described
the men as a terrorist cell they had
been tracking for the killing of a
settler in November Hamas said they were
Palestinian resistance Fighters with the
Kasam Brigade as the two sides continue
to face off over
Gaza and with delicate peace talks
underway in Cairo people living in this
Village will forever remember it as a
place a handful of Hamas Fighters made
their Last Stand Zay basravi Al jazer
darl husen the occupied West Bank
Palestine make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer